Modularize Configuring Load Balancer guide (#2061)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_configuring-smart-proxy-server-with-custom-ssl-certificates-for-load-balancing-without-puppet.adoc

> [id="con_Configuring_{smart-proxy-context}_Server_with_Custom_SSL_Certificates_for_Load_Balancing_without_Puppet_{context}"]

Author: Thanks for all the input so far! Everything is ready for review now @adamlazik1 

I think this is the last discussion-worthy item. Either keep it as is or come up with a better title for the procedure in `guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-smart-proxy-server-with-custom-ssl-certificates-for-load-balancing-without-puppet.adoc`.

Reviewer: > Thanks for all the input so far! Everything is ready for review now @adamlazik1

The review is underway :rocket: 

>I think this is the last discussion-worthy item. Either keep it as is or come up with a better title for the procedure in guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-smart-proxy-server-with-custom-ssl-certificates-for-load-balancing-without-puppet.adoc.

I think it's probably fine keeping it as it is.

= Configuring {SmartProxyServerTitle} with Custom SSL Certificates for Load Balancing without Puppet

> The following section describes how to configure Smart Proxy servers that use custom SSL certificates for load balancing without Puppet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section describes how to configure {SmartProxyServer}s that use custom SSL certificates for load balancing without Puppet.
```

Author: Applied.
